# nlvr_tau_nlp_final_proj


This directory contains the files and directories used for our project, as well as the needed data.
It also includes a copy of the baselines repository of the original paper. from
https://github.com/alsuhr-c/nlvr-baselines.

## Repository tructure:

* **data** :  data needed for the project, including the original data set at data/nlvr-data, and other data used or generated by us.
* **nlvr-baselines** : the baselines repository of the original paper from https://github.com/alsuhr-c/nlvr-baselines. This can be used for reference and inspiration, but it is reccomended that we do not make changes to their code.
* **unittest** : a directory for testing our code. It is reccomended to write and run a few tests for each piece of code we add, and run these tests again whenever we change something in the code.

### .py files:

* **definitions** : constants that we want to define and paths to data files used in the code. Use the constants from this file and add some when you need, and try to avoid defining other strings, local paths or numerical constants elsewhere in the code (or at least use those only in your local branches). This will keep things in order. 
* **handle_data** : code for reading the data from the .json files into a convenient structure to work with.
* **structured_rep_utils** : classes for representing the data of the structured_representation in a convenient way.
* **preprocessing** : all code for preprocessing the sentences - spelling correction, tokenization, extracting vocabulary, tagging, should be here.
* **logical forms** : all code involved in executing parsed logical forms on structured representation. Nothe that any code for parsing sentences into such logical forms (this is the core of the project) should be elsewhere, in files yet to be added. 
* **display_images** : a few utility methods for showing images. this might be useful in debugging and when working on the sentences - it helps to see the image rather than just the structured_rep. Note that the images of the data set are not part of this repository as they weigh a lot and there is no need to track changes there (the .gitignore is defined to ignor any .png files). To get the images, just download the directories from https://github.com/clic-lab/nlvr into the data directory.


## Important notes:

* NEVER commit to the master branch. always make sure to checkout for your own branch before starting to change anything in the code.
* When creating new branches, name them like "{name}/{branch_subject}". for example "nika/logicalFormsEnhancement"
* Try to avoid adding __main__ functions or scripts for checking and testing purposes in files not designated for this. You can always add files in your local branches for this purpose and not to share them to the master. If you wrote some scripts that you do want to share, it's OK, but do it in separate files.
  
